adding changes for 7.1.0 (#1133)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: docs/configure-prysm/sync-from-a-checkpoint.md

-->

#### Does Prysm's implementation of checkpoint sync support backfilling?

> Yes. Backfill can be enabled by running the beacon node with the `--enable-backfill` option (previously `--enable-experimental-backfill`, the old flag name is still supported as an alias).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Enabling Backfill can be done by running the beacon node with the `--enable-backfill` option (previously `--enable-experimental-backfill`; support for the old flag name still exists as an alias).
```

Prysm retains blobs and data columns for a minimum period to support backfill and serve historical data availability requests:

- **Blob sidecars** (pre-Fulu): Retained for a minimum of 4,096 epochs (approximately 18 days) as specified by `MIN_EPOCHS_FOR_BLOB_SIDECARS_REQUESTS`
- **Data column sidecars** (post-Fulu): Retained for a minimum of 4,096 epochs as specified by `MIN_EPOCHS_FOR_DATA_COLUMN_SIDECARS_REQUESTS`

You can extend the retention period beyond the minimum using the `--blob-retention-epochs` flag. The node will exit with an error if you attempt to set a value less than 4,096 epochs. For more details on storage requirements and configuration, see [Blobs](/learn/concepts/blobs.md).

##### Backfill configuration flags

`--enable-backfill`: Enables backfill for checkpoint synced nodes. Backfill will only be enabled when this flag is specified on a node using checkpoint sync.

`--backfill-batch-size`: Number of blocks per backfill batch. A larger number will request more blocks at once from peers, but also consume more system memory to hold batches in memory during processing. This has a multiplicative effect with `--backfill-worker-count`. Default: 32.

> `--backfill-worker-count`: Number of concurrent backfill batch requests. A larger number will better utilize network resources, up to a system-dependent limit, but will also consume more system memory. This has a multiplicative effect with `--backfill-batch-size`. Default: 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--backfill-worker-count`: Number of concurrent backfill batch requests. A larger number will better utilize network resources, up to a system-dependent limit, but will also consume more system memory. This flag interacts multiplicatively with `--backfill-batch-size`. Default: 2.
```
